README.md, before:

# sharp_aquos_rc
### Control Sharp Aquos SmartTVs with Python
Based on the API for "Remote Control App" defined on pages 8-3 through 8-8 in the [sharp-user-manual].

### To enable API on your TV
1) MENU->Initial Setup->AQUOS Remote Control

2) Enable

3) Set Login/Pass

### Installation
```
pip install sharp_aquos_rc
```

### Examples
```
>>> import sharp_aquos_rc
>>>
>>> tv = sharp_aquos_rc.TV('192.168.1.5', 10002, 'admin', 'password')
>>> 
>>> tv.power() # Returns 1 if TV is on and 0 if TV is off
1
>>> tv.power(0) # Turn the TV off
True
>>> tv.input(2) # Set the TV to HDMI Input 2
True
```

### Documentation
Full Documentation is available through pydoc
```
pydoc sharp_aquos_rc
```

### LICENSE
MIT

### TODO/Contribute
Contributions and Pull Requests always welcome.

Currently on the TODO list:
- Remote Button Functionality
- Unit Tests
- Error Checking and Input Validation





[sharp-user-manual]: <http://files.sharpusa.com/Downloads/ForHome/HomeEntertainment/LCDTVs/Manuals/2014_TV_OM.pdf>

Commit message:

Added instructions to change the default command map. Fixed readme formatting.

README.md, after:

# sharp_aquos_rc

### Control Sharp Aquos SmartTVs with Python

Based on the API for "Remote Control App" defined on pages 8-3 through 8-8 in the [sharp-user-manual].

### To enable API on your TV

1) MENU->Initial Setup->AQUOS Remote Control

2) Enable

3) Set Login/Pass

### Installation

    pip install sharp_aquos_rc

### Command profiles

Depending on the country of purchase of the television you must choose between
one of the available profiles or command maps (see 
the `./sharp_aquos_rc/commands` directory):

- cn
- eu
- jp
- us

The `us` profile is used by default, so to choose another one simply pass it 
as an option to the class constructor. For example:

    >>> tv = sharp_aquos_rc.TV('192.168.1.5', 10002, 'admin', 'password', command_map='eu')


### Examples

```
>>> import sharp_aquos_rc
>>>
>>> tv = sharp_aquos_rc.TV('192.168.1.5', 10002, 'admin', 'password')
>>> 
>>> tv.power() # Returns 1 if TV is on and 0 if TV is off
1
>>> tv.power(0) # Turn the TV off
True
>>> tv.input(2) # Set the TV to HDMI Input 2
True
```

### Documentation

Full Documentation is available through pydoc

    pydoc sharp_aquos_rc

### LICENSE

MIT

### TODO/Contribute

Contributions and Pull Requests always welcome.

Currently on the TODO list:
- Remote Button Functionality
- Unit Tests
- Error Checking and Input Validation

[sharp-user-manual](http://files.sharpusa.com/Downloads/ForHome/HomeEntertainment/LCDTVs/Manuals/2014_TV_OM.pdf)
